Grade in this lecture you want to look at creating ego base and getting the attention of key influencers
in your needs.
This is another strategy.
In order to get more links pointing back to your site from authority figures within your needs which
is exactly the type of powerful links that we want to go after so you may have noticed in the competitor
and back link analysis that you saw individual links coming from a couple of different Kiem influencers
and you want to replicate that.
Well I'm going to give you a way to really replicate that quite quickly otherwise.
If you notice during your competitors Pocklington there seem to be an absence of thought.
This is a strategy that is going to be able to put you above them and get to the top of the search engine
results.
So what we've said before is that naturally get traction is really the best way to build links and building
something that's genuinely genuinely worth linking to.
Whether it's your products services content or the opinions you're sharing with your industry the problem
is that it can be difficult to create awareness about the great things that you've created.
And it's not enough just to push it out on social channels especially if you've got small social media
profiles.
It's going to be very hard to create a lot of links and if even if you produce a great piece of content
because people are just not going to be aware of it then they can link to it.
So the way to really amplify the awareness is to get strategic and get the key influencers in YOUR needs
to put the content in front of their users.
And that's really going to just hugely accelerate your process in terms of getting things because he
had they were going to put it in front of a lot of people that are in your knees that are interested
in what you're talking about.
True.
So the way that you need to do this is to what launched what they call ego bait that makes those key
influencers look good.
And so that's content.
Ego is concept's really made and designed to flattering to to get the attention of a specific he's his
while also providing utility to their audience so people on social media and in blogs like to share
things that make them look good.
So if you can create a piece of content like Dash that can really help flatter your audience you can
be sure that they're going to pass it on to their audience to make of self good look not good.
But in the meantime that's going to open up the door for you for you to truckling sat truck traffic
.
And to your senses is a really smart strategy.
What I want to look at and there was a couple of examples of what does the type of ego bait that she
creates.
So we got best of lists.
I mean you probably seen this all the time on the Internet.
You can create a list of the greatest content or writers or teams in your space and that lazy to really
include and and you know give a holistic picture of the space.
So the second idea for creating the two ego betas to have an interview with a top leader or leaders
over the phone using Google Voice or or or whatever and you can really put that content down on the
cheap.
But obviously if you want to attract things to your site what you can do is take that video put it in
a blog post but also lay out the key points for people.
So it's a half an hour video an hour long video.
You know people don't maybe want to read watch the whole train without knowing really what first about
and so what you can do is put a screen transcript and summarize the key points put in the link somewhere
may be referenced within the video.
The tools the strategies et cetera and they've got a piece of content there that's that people will
want to link to the to the actual post on your Web site rather than just the video.
I mean this can be one person it can be a couple of different people but you can just combine this and
create a session.
And again it's very quick to create to start content includes a lot of key influencers.
So another great idea.
So that is another way today is similar to an interview with a lot of people is due to crowdsourced
hosts so you can reach the influences asked them what it takes by certain current events.
Maybe something that's creating a lot of noise and it really needs some clarity from a couple of different
opinions.
And then by rushing in and asking them they can feel important to listen to their voice and opinion
heard.
They don't have to write a full host themselves and maybe do all the research on their own.
They can be combined as in.
And again not something you can publish on your site.
They're going to want to link to it because that looks good for them.
And there's a good easy piece of content for them to share around their audiences.
So finally there's an awards or bodges And really what you can do here is create a and awards in your
space and you can send the people they want to link to you a kind of a badge and that they can put on
their site.
That's maybe a small piece of a code and it makes them look like they're the number one and social media
influencer in golf say in a particular country or worldwide or whatever.
You know obviously doubt they're going to want to put that on their side because it makes them look
good to their audience gives more credibility etcetera.
And so you go that's for very simple ways I think anybody could do this for any industry.
And so it's really going to help to get the attention of Team parents who get links back from them also
creates opportunities for their audience then to King as well.
So just to give you an example of eco bait and how effective it can be to attracting size I just typed
in here top 10 cooking blogs.
So this is the kind of best of list.
Also a cross between maybe the awards on as well so as you can see let's just have a look 10 13 cars
and the things Kirti to those links from the same web site and Huffington Post 24 links OK 49 links
still pretty good.
Two cars and nine hundred ninety nine and thirty six.
Great.
So let's have a look.
Then when we were there
.
So what we've got here
is OK best food blog awards and you can see they basically become the authority on this.
And they've got different categories best cooking blog baking blog Cocteau and love your blog.
So they've got huge image categories there.
Let's have a look at some of the links.
So this is probably one of the winners.
Love and demans food blog about healthy simple and seasonal recipes.
And so you can see they're probably one of the winners.
They're linking back to that which is exactly the idea that they want so a lot of links from 180 to
main's.
That's probably the more important figure there to look at.
But again just very effective food created these are food related blogs with a decent amount of authority
.
All tangs to creating some good ego bait so I hope that really highlights how powerful this strategy
can be.